The essence of a community implies an area with the ability to live, work, play, and dine within a limited boundary which is largely defined by an individual's desire. This is not to say that individual residents or guests to the community have taken any part in design of the community, but rather that they choose to spend time in that community based on their own needs and desires, thereby validating its existance, since without residents or guests, a community would quickly become blighted. Think of a community as a small town with all or most amenities contained within. It may comprise a rural farming community, a surburban neighborhood, a city block, or even, in the case of a micro-community (which is the subject of this paper), a mixed-use building within a suburban or urban region. Instead of a hard-defined definition, we can use this concept as an idea, one that may not be completely self-sufficient, but may approach this goal. In addition, a micro-community can exist within a community or city, in such that one can do a majority of one's tasks within the micro-community but is perfectly free to venture into neighboring streets or adjacent neighborhoods with ease, and in urban and surburban communities without the need of any means of transportation. 

In researching I often found the definitions of 'micro-community' and 'micro-district' to be interchangable, but for the purposes of this paper, I would like to avoid any mention of the word 'district' since districts are built and evolve over many years by many different individuals and organizations, whereas communities are built at one time and take on the character of the district, town, or city in which they are built. For the rest of the paper, I will use the word micro-community to refer to one building with all or most community needs under one roof. 

It is also important to note that in the construction of the micro-community, convenience and safety measures may be added to adjacent public areas such as enhancements to the train station, addition of or widening of sidewalks, crosswalk lights, bike racks, bike safety lanes, and parking adjustments. 

The transportation distinction is important because in order to have a properly-functioning micro-community, we should not only be connected to other establishments within walking distance, but also be closely connected with high-speed transit, which can carry us to other parts of the city or region with little effort, and preferably with direct access to transit and parking, without stepping into the elements or crossing streets. 

Weather and Traffic
A resident within a micro-community can find many or all of their amenities within the same building, eliminating the need to venture out onto city streets or unsheltered locations which may contain unfavorable weather conditions or dangerous traffic. In this way, a resident, tourist, or worker can save time by having everything "under one roof", including shopping, dining, excercise, and even direct access to transit and parking. 

Placement
Of course, placement is important because inevitably the resident will venture onto the streets, often for shopping, dining, or work. This is where placement becomes important. Placement near other educational, employment, medical, cultural, or transport systems is important because the resident will venture onto the streets. So, the structure should be in, or should work to,  increase safety and greenspace within the general area. In the same way that a prosperous city has a symbiotic relationship with other cities in the region, good suburbs exist near other good suburbs, and nice neighborhoods thrive when near other nice neighborhoods, a micro-community will thrive when adjacent to already-existing thriving business centers. 



Anti-fragility
Anti-fragility is the characteristic that a system should become stronger based upon attacks that in the short run serve to weaken in. In the context of a micro-community, we can think of these attacks as changes in demand for different modes of transportation, economic downturns (or upturns in some cases), changes in consumer preferences, competing  businesses opening nearby, 

